[WIP] Add node log query documentation (#32660)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging.md

the `kube-up.sh` script, those logs are configured to be rotated by
the `logrotate` tool daily or once the size exceeds 100MB.

> ## Node Log Viewer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Node log viewer
```

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.24" state="alpha" >}}

> Kubernetes v1.24 offers initial support for viewing node logs using kubectl;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubernetes v1.24 offers initial support for viewing node logs using kubectl.
```

> Kubernetes v1.25 offers initial support for viewing node logs using kubectl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} includes initial support for viewing node logs using `kubectl`.
```

That way it's right for each subsequent release. The feature-state shortcode tells readers what version provides this support (and if that's not clear, we should improve the shortcode).

> this is an alpha feature that is disabled by default. You can enable the alpha

Reviewer 2: Isn't the fact that an alpha feature is turned off by default commonplace knowledge now?

```suggestion
This is an alpha feature and can be enabled
```

> feature by turning on the [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by turning on the [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
```

named `NodeLogViewer` for the kubelet component.

With the feature enabled you can use `kubectl alpha node-logs` to view the logs

> of system services and log files in `/var/log/` on both Linux and Windows nodes.

Reviewer: - Does Windows have a `/var/log`
- We don't know what path the kubelet is writing logs to.

Example usage:
```
  # Show kubelet logs from all worker nodes
  kubectl alpha node-logs --role worker -u kubelet

  # See what logs are available in a worker node called w1 in /var/logs

>   kubectl alpha node-logs w1 --path=/

Reviewer: - Don't indent these commands
- We don't know what path the kubelet is writing logs to (it's _usually_ `/var/log`)

```

> More details can be found in the kubectl help i.e. `kubectl alpha node-logs --help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about this subcommand by running
`kubectl alpha node-logs --help`.
```
